fix(sitemap): url when rest parameter is used in page file names (#9975)
withastro/astro: .changeset/sour-ties-sparkle.md

---
"@astrojs/sitemap": patch
---

> Fixes URLs generation for routes using rest parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes URL generation for routes that rest parameters and start with `/`
```
